The electoral college, established by the founding fathers for the people to vote for the President and Vice President, also includes a process of counting the electoral votes by Congress. “The Office of the Federal Register” exists as well. There are issues with the idea of having the electoral college because voters can get confused and vote for the wrong candidate, but today those errors do not happen. The candidate is the person who will be the next President and Vice President.

To begin with, having the electoral college is a great idea; it’s an easy method of choosing the candidate that the people want to have for four years guiding and taking care of the Presidency. There are reasons for having the electoral college – if you are part of the United States, you can give your opinion and vote for the person that you think is the right one.

Secondly, the electoral college keeps the organization of counting the votes and declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes (the winner). When you are voting for a candidate, you are voting for a slate of electors chosen by Congress, and the people will decide who they wanted to be their president; this is all about the people and their opinion because they are the ones who vote for the candidate and want him or her to be the president. The Congress has some errors, but as time is passing, it keeps getting better and having less issues because they have modern technology that now takes care of the votes and keeps them organized.

In conclusion, many people today prefer and thank the founding fathers for creating the electoral college because it’s far more beneficial. Everyone who is part of the United States can vote for the candidate that they want. The electoral college was a great idea and everyone enjoys it because they are the ones who give their opinion to the Congress and choose the candidate that they want to have for four years, giving benefits to the United States – there’s a perfect example of our current president who is doing a great job taking care of the United States.
