I am against this driverless car thing. Why would anyone want a car that can only be driven if it tells you it’s safe to operate? I see their point of argument, but personally, I would have to say no.

The reason I feel this way is because I enjoy driving and I have several reasons why I believe it's not a good idea. First, consider what happens when you are in the car and it’s driving itself down the road; you might want to take a nap and be alone. Then, if the car has a mishap while operating autonomously, you could be liable for the damages because it’s your vehicle and you would have to pay to repair it. Second, as the passage notes – “Toyota Prius uses position-estimating on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor” – simply having all these technologies doesn’t automatically make a driverless car desirable. What if one of those systems malfunctions? For example, if the left rear wheel sensor fails, what happens then? You could crash. Third, personally, I want to feel safe and in control while driving; I prefer to be at the wheel rather than having the car dictate my actions. The passage states, “In 2013, BMW announced the development of Traffic Jam Assistant.” This system can handle driving at speeds up to 25 mph, but touch sensors ensure the driver maintains control of the wheel. However, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but these functions are designed to notify the driver when human skills are needed, such as navigating through work zones or around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when necessary. The car needs to quickly get the driver’s attention whenever a problem occurs. How would the driver be notified of a problem? How can the car effectively communicate this if it simply tells me why?

That is what I have to say about driverless cars; I am not liking the idea, and I worry about being responsible for damages in case of a crash. It seems like a problematic situation when dealing with potential financial liabilities.
