The author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions by letting people detect exactly how other people are feeling without being told about it. It had been created a new software to develop the knowledge of the emotions of others. Although this generation’s applications can calculate math homework, the Monalisa has been used for this discovery.

Dr. Paul Eckman is the creator of FACS, and he uses a computer to create 3-D models of the face, focusing on basic emotions.

First, the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions by a computer. This portrays that the technology has been updated to let people have more knowledge about this new era. The Monalisa has been used for this discovery. The text says: “She’s 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry.” This shows us that by just looking at a face, we can't notice all these emotions on the painting of Leonardo da Vinci’s.

Second, the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions just by looking at their normal face. This shows how the technology has been updated upon all this year, every year that passes, more discoveries are threatened at the world. Dr. Paul Eckman is the creator of the FACS. The text says: “Eckman has classified six basic emotions – happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness.” This means that the new discovery of Dr. Paul Eckman can identify six basic emotions.

Third, the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions by showing people their emotion in only one picture of them. This new technology shows how people can have their knowledge in this topic without being an expert. To do this discovery, they use computers to create a 3-D model of the face, focusing on basic emotions. The text says: “The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 muscles in the model must move like human muscles.” This means that all six emotions are associated with each characteristic movement of the facial muscles.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System is useful to know the characteristic movements of the facial muscles.
