Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. According to research, cell phones are leading factors causing accidents. Studies show that a cell phone puts drivers at a four-time greater risk of a crash. Despite the danger, people still use cell phones because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people. Also, they think that hand-free sets are safe because they can drive using two hands. Moreover, they use arguments that cell phones are necessary in emergency situations. Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there is evidence that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving.

Cell phone-like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running; therefore, others of their habits can create dangerous and hazardous situations like a collision or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to tragedy. Because of the conversation, they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability, potentially leading to a loss of control over the car. So if people don’t make a decision to put away their cell phones, their routine can harm innocent people.

Opponents say that hand-free sets are safe because people can drive using two hands. However, hand-free devices don't eliminate the risk of causing an accident and may even worsen it by suggesting that the behavior is safe. Research shows that using headsets can be as dangerous as holding a phone because the conversations distract drivers from focusing on the road. Scientists have proven that people talking over the phone fixate on the image of the person they are talking to, and that doesn’t interfere with driving. The problem is when a car swerves unexpectedly or a pedestrian steps into traffic, and the mind lacks the processing power to react in time. So the problem isn't in holding the wheel and cell phone at the same time, which may cause an accident because of lack of maneuverability; it is because of conversation and lack of reaction at that particular time.

Opponents say that cell phones are good because they give an opportunity to make a call in case of emergency. 

So I believe that people should be able to have their phones, but people just need to be more responsible of how they use them.
