Dear Principal,

Changing the policy to requiring a grade B average to participate in sports or other activities is unfair. Many students may not be able to maintain a B average.

Sports and other activities give many students only a little time left to finish their homework and study for tests. If this policy changes, students will have to cram everything and have no time for anything else. Their lives would consist solely of sport and schoolwork, which would likely be highly detrimental to their health and could possibly make them feel angry and frustrated.

Another reason is that changing the policy could exclude many people, which would also hurt the team or group. If an important player couldn’t make the game simply because of getting a grade below a B average, it would negatively impact the team and the outcome of the game. No school wants to lose every game.

A grade B average would also be too stringent. If someone received a 79.4, that would average to a 79 – only one point away. It would be unfair to exclude someone so close to the required grade; a C average is reasonable because it’s technically passing and would offer students a better chance. Raising the standard to a B average is too high for someone who is already so busy.

Furthermore, some people are simply not strong in schoolwork and can only manage a barely passing grade. Those individuals should not be excluded from activities just because they don't process information as well as others.

Extra activities and sports are an important part of many students’ lives. They keep students active and allow them to socialize with friends. If they were not allowed to participate due to a passing average (above 70), it could be devastating for them. For many people, sports help them get into college and secure scholarships.

Sports can also help some people lose their frustration and relax; it’s like a break from the pressures of school and the world, allowing them to simply concentrate on having fun.

Even though good grades are important, so is having fun and getting active. Changing the policy to a grade B average to be allowed to participate in sports or other activities is a horrible idea. Active activities should be encouraged, not taken away.
