The author suggested studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents, by pointing out the characteristics of the planet. One of the things he mentioned was that it is simple to see from the distance of the Earth. Venus is also known as Earth’s “twin,” which shows that it is not a dangerous place for people to live in. During the rotation of the planet we are closer to Mars and sometimes we are closer to Venus. The author used his knowledge to evaluate how good Venus is based on its characteristics.

One of the things he mentioned was that Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in the solar system, even though Mercury is closer to the sun, Venus is the hottest planet. This hot temperature leads to having volcanoes, earthquakes, and many other things related to the hot weather.

The second thing that he talked about was that scientists proved that Venus and Earth used to have a lot in common. One of these was that Venus was covered by oceans like Earth and had a chance of having living things. “Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary,” this quote supports the idea how Earth and Venus have a lot in common and are alike, which means that Venus is not a dangerous place for humans to live in.

“NASA” has one particularly compelling idea of sending humans to study Venus. Scientists think that Venus would be a good place to float around and to visit, which means that Venus is not a dangerous place for human beings except some weather problems. Another thing they mentioned was that solar power might be plentiful and the planet is survivable for human beings.

Overall, the author used information from scientists and from NASA to support his claim. He discussed the weather of the planet and other characteristics. He also included how Venus and Earth are similar and what things they have in common. One thing he mentioned was that Venus was covered with oceans just like Earth and it is rocky and has mountains and valleys. All those common characteristics show that human beings are able to live on this planet.
