Are you thinking about joining the Seagoing Cowbows? If you are, I’ve got plenty of reasons why you should and also what you do in this program. Think to yourself what would you do in Seagoing Cowboys.

I think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys because it will allow you to experience and visit many unique places.

When you are on board the ship, you can find many things to do and many games to play. Sometimes after the animals were unloaded, they would play baseball and volleyball. On the ship there are many things to do. Some people have to take night watch to stay up and watch the animals. During the day, you have to feed and water the animals three times; if someone on that boat didn’t, those animals would be useless.

Luke was a Seagoing Cowboy and he did these things I said. Luke took night watch to watch the animals, and after returning his report, he fell down stairs towards an opening of the ocean, but he caught himself. He broke ribs so he could not work for a while. Also, when he broke his ribs, he found time to have fun on the boat and off the boat. They could play games in the animals pen when they got unloaded. Like I said, they could play games like volleyball and baseball.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy needs confidence and strength; you could be picked to do any job, but you don’t know what it is. When you're on the boat, it’s too late to go back because you are in the middle of the sea.

Joining the Seagoing Cowboys is an opportunity to have fun, make friends, and explore. You can also go see new countries and unique places. Some people can take that to heart.

Sometimes going to a different country is like seeing something that you loved the most that you haven’t seen in a while – that place you visit could be where your family originated from. Joining the Seagoing Cowboys would be an amazing thing to do. Yes, you would have your ups and downs, but you can always get back up. Just think if you join the Seagoing Cowboys, you can do a lot of the things that you thought you couldn’t do. That would be amazing. If I got the opportunity to be a Seagoing Cowboy, I would say yes because I like to push my limits.
