Citizens in the USA, Vauban, Germany, and Paris, Bogotá, Colombia all have to make changes. The disproportionate effects of greenhouse gas emissions and pollution from cars demand action; it’s about time we address these issues before they threaten our planet.

Vauban, Germany, has taken extreme measures for an experimental district on the outskirts of Freiburg. Vauban streets are car-free for residents, although individuals can own a car if they pay $40,000 for a garage space. Seventy percent of families do not own a car, and 57% sold a car to move there. Heidrun Walter stated, “When I had a car, I was always tense; I’m much happier this way.” Vauban has become a trend across Europe, and the United States has started to plan a similar movement called “smart planning.” Experts say that “to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, we have to drastically reduce emissions from tailpipes.” Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gases in Europe and up to 50% in car-intensive areas in the U.S.A. Vauban has made suburbs more compact and accessible to public transportation, with less space dedicated to parking. In this new approach, stores are placed a walkable distance on the main street, better than in a mall located far along a highway.

In Paris, we often overlook the serious issue of air pollution; instead, we focus on love, but aren’t we wrong? Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air and combat global city smog. Drivers were ordered to leave their cars at home or face a €22 fine ($31). Four thousand drivers were fined, and 27 vehicles were impounded. Congestion decreased by 60% in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog. Smog is rivaled in Beijing, China, which is known for being one of the most polluted cities in the world. Diesel fuel was blamed, given that France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. After the smog cleared, Paris recinded the ban for odd-number plates.

Bogotá, Colombia, has implemented car-free days, leaving the streets empty. This was the third straight year cars were banned with only buses and taxis permitted for a day. Businessman Carlos Arturo said, “It’s a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution.” The day without cars began in the mid-1990s and includes 118 miles of bicycle paths for people to use. Parks and sports centers have also flourished throughout the city, along with restaurants and upscale shopping districts. The rates of car ownership per household have decreased. If this pattern persists, the greenhouse gas effect will go down.

Transportation is the second largest source of emissions in America; however, as fewer people buy cars, there could be negative implications for the car industry. Mimi Sheller states different facts: 1) the internet makes people communicate without driving, and 2) the rise in cellphones and carpooling has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements. A study last year found that young people decreased their car usage by 23% between 2001 and 2009.

Lastly, citizens in the USA, Vauban, Germany, and Paris, Bogotá, Colombia all have to make changes. These changes have made it less smoggy. People are more inclined to walk or bike instead of driving; they get out more and enjoy their walks to the park and stores more than being stuck in traffic. When a similar car-free day comes to America, people will likely be resistant, but they need to understand that you can’t pollute the world; we need the world to live.
