I’m against this driverless car thing. Why would anyone want a car that you can’t really drive unless it tells you it’s okay? I see their point of argument, but personally, I would have to say no.

The reason I say no is because I like to drive and I have some reasons why I think it isn't good. First, there’s the issue of what happens when you’re in the car and it’s driving itself down the road; you might want to take a nap and be by yourself. Then, if the car has a mishap while driving and it’s your car, you’re in trouble because you have to pay to get it fixed. The second reason is that when you think about it, the passage states, “Toyota Prius uses position-estimating on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor.” Just because it has all those things doesn’t mean it’s good to have a driverless car. What happens if one of those things breaks down and next thing you know you don't have a sensor on the left rear wheel? Then what happens – you crash. The third reason is that, in my personal reaction, I want to be safe and want to be in control of the wheel and not have the car pushing my gas pedal. What happens if the car goes too fast or too slow, and since you have no control over what the car does, then it’s still your fault to be in a crash with another car or in the ditch. When I'm in a car, I like to be the one on the gas pedal and to be able to control my car and not have it go automatically. The passage says, “In 2013, BMW announced the development of Traffic Jam Assistant.” The car can handle driving functionally at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires; this necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the driver’s attention whenever a problem occurs. How would the driver be notified that there was a problem? How can the car do that if they wouldn't tell me why then I would understand and maybe be on their side.

That is what I have to say about this driverless car; I am not liking the idea, and when there’s a crash, you will be in the problem trying to figure out how they would pay for the car. So, there's one thing I'm definitely not on their side about.
