Summer is the student’s time to do whatever they like or want. When a teacher gives students a summer project designed by them, the students will feel like they are still in school, and that can affect them. Summer projects should be student-designed because it is their time, they know what a better design would be for them, and some students like to experience the real world instead of doing projects.

It is their time. Summer break is the time for students to do something out of school and to do something students would really like to do. Some students like to play sports like soccer, football, and basketball. Other students like to play video games during the summer break. Summer break for some students is for them to set a goal, such as reading 100 books, visiting 10 new countries, and learning 100 new words. Summer break is special for students.

They can design what they think is right for them. Each student is different from the others; they have different things to do, and no one will really know them like their friends. Instead of the teacher designing the summer project, a student’s friend can design the project for them since they know each other better than everyone else. The student’s friend would choose a subject that their friend knows a lot about and loves. Teachers can give students ideas for the summer project, but students can choose them or pick what summer they would like to do.

Some students like to experience something to learn. Some of the students like to experience the thing they are learning about instead of reading or doing 20 pages of writing. Some students do enjoy reading and writing instead of experiencing it, and their friends should know that. Many students are looking for jobs in the summer break so they can make some cash and get experience for the future when they get a job. Experiencing something can be totally different than reading about it – like diving, traveling, or playing sports. Some things are better to experience than reading.

Some people may say teachers should design the summer break project; however, summer projects should be student-designed because it is their time, they know what a better design would be for them, and some students like to experience the real world instead of doing projects. Sometimes leaving students to do their own project can help them get better, especially if they get depressed because of school.
