Citizens in the USA, Vauban, Germany and Paris, Bogota, Colombia all have to make changes. Greenhouse effect and pollution from cars is out of proportion. It’s about time to make a difference so greenhouse effect and pollution don’t end everything.

Vauban, Germany has taken extreme measures for an experimental district on the outskirts of Freiburg. Vauban streets are car-free for the people who live there. People can own a car but have to pay $40,000 for a space in a garage. 70% of families don’t own a car; and 57% sold a car to move there. Heidrun Walter said, “When I had a car, I was always tense. I’m much happier this way.” Vauban has come to be a trend in Europe, and the United States has started to plan a movement called “smart planning.” Experts say, “To reduce greenhouse gas we have to drastically reduce emissions from tailpipes.” Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gases in Europe, and up to 50% in car-intensive areas in the U.S.A. Vauban has made suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation and less space for parking. In this new approach, stores are placed a walk away on the main street, better than malls in a distant highway.

In Paris, we never really think of near record pollution; we think about love but aren’t we wrong? Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of a global city. Drivers were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a €22 fine ($31). 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded. Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog. Smog is rivaled in Beijing, China, which is known for being the most polluted cities in the world. Diesel fuel was blamed since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Smog in Paris has cleared enough for them to rescind the ban for odd-number plates.

Bogota, Colombia has a car-free day leaving the streets empty. This was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for a day. Businessman Carlos Arturo said, “It’s a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution.” The day without cars has started in the mid-1990s; it has 118 miles of bicycle paths for people to use. Parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city. Restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. The rates of car ownership per household have come down two. If this pattern persists, the greenhouse gas effect will go down.

Transportation is the second largest source in America; but people not buying cars will have a negative implication for the car industry. Mimi Sheller states different facts: 1) internet makes people communicate without driving; 2) the rise in cellphones and carpooling has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements. A study last year found that young people decreased 23% between 2001 and 2009.

Lastly, citizens in the USA, Vauban, Germany and Paris, Bogota, Colombia all have to make changes. Their changes have made it less smog. People are more committed to having no cars; they get out more and enjoy their walk to the park to the store more than being rushed to drive in traffic. When the now car day comes to America, people will be mad but have to understand you can’t pollute the world; you need the world to live.
