Sometimes having to be a scientist isn’t the best idea. Scientists discover different things at different paces, such as the ones that these scientists discovered on Mars. The fact that these scientists discovered this feature has evidence that it is just a natural landform; it could also be proven that the feature was not created by aliens. This feature resembles an alien face, and it will be proven in this argumentative essay.

First off, the face that was found has no signs of being an alien because any planet has those weird, funky-looking holes, right? It could have been that with the temperature and time, those holes appeared making it look like a human face. It could simply have been a coincidence that it happened like that. Either way, we could say that maybe it was an alien or just a natural landform; nobody has been able to personally prove it because there hasn’t been one astronaut who has gone up to Mars and looked at it with its own eyes. Human beings make assumptions about many different things, and the majority of the time, they are incorrect because they do not have evidence to prove that what they said was correct.

Next, let's say that maybe we are correct; how could scientists prove that it is what we suspect?

In the article in paragraph 2, it reads, “Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusually long shadows that made it look like an Egyptian pharaoh.” In this part of the reading, the author says that it could have just been another Martian mesa, but that this one had the unusual shadows that make it look like an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. As it states in the text, it could simply have been the shadows – something that makes it look like an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. It could have maybe been that Martian that the scientists have said it is.

Finally, in this situation, scientists might be correct again. It could only be a natural landform that formed with the weather or something different that helps little things like these form up. There are no certain clues or evidence that this “face” could be a human or an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. Sometimes, the human brain gets carried away by what it looks at, and sometimes it helps to pay close attention to what we are doing or looking at for our own good.
