Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think the idea of having a principal make everyone in the school do community service is good, but I could be troubling for some people. There has to be a lot of thought put into making this decision, from the person making the decision and their point of view on it to the people that are going to be affected once the decision is made. All of this would need to be thoroughly considered, taking into account the type of community service that would be required.

Different types of community service require certain skills, transportation, and even tools. Helping out at a retirement home is a good way of showing your community support and caring about all people in your community, but having the transportation to get to where you need to go to help out can be a problem. Many of the students in the school that will be participating cannot drive on their own; they are brought to and from places by their parents. As willingly as these students may be about helping out, their parents/guardians may not have the time to take them where they need to go. Parents are very busy, not only with their kids but also with work, and adding another thing for them to worry about might not be ideal. This could also get in the way of their schedule; however, this isn’t something that has to be done every day – once a week would be better than nothing.

Community service is good in many ways. If students at a young age grow up with the act of helping others around them, they will keep that with them for the rest of their life. Growing up helping people with small acts of kindness—such as getting an elderly person a glass of water, helping someone put in groceries, or helping out serve food at a homeless shelter—will make you a better person inside and out. By helping others with small things, you can gain big rewards later on.

Other actions that can be done that are simpler, such as picking up a piece of trash you see on your way home, or helping your little cousin or neighbor with his/her homework, will also make a difference in the end.

I think that the idea of having everyone participate in community service is great. Some kids might have difficulties with transportation, but minor problems like that can be solved as simply as carpooling with a neighbor or friend, riding a bike (which is even better because it helps out the environment), or even walking. And, all these small sacrifices—like watching a movie with your friends—will be worth it in the end.
